Previously on Damages...
SANCHEZ: I got some stuff
about how the military's
handling soldiers with PTSD.
Any chance you could
introduce me to McClaren?
KASTLE: The administration just wants
to know if you'd consider it.
HEWES: I'm flattered.
KASTLE: We're talking about
the fucking U.S. Supreme Court.
You're goddamn right you
should be flattered.
FRANKLIN: I just thought you should
know that he wants to talk to you.
You look so much like your mother.
What if I told you I put you in my will?
HEWES: Don't you ever try
to contact me again.
McCLAREN: I talked
to Bruce Davies.
He gave me the name of the guy who
was supplying Fund 23 with stock tips.
Helmut Torben.
You heard of him?
SIMON: Never seen him
before in my life.
You've been supplying illegal
stock tips to Fund 23.
TORBEN: Why is this any
concern of yours?
SIMON: We're fucked if
this ever gets out there.
PARSONS: You admitted what
you tried to do to me.
HEWES: All this time, you
have believed that I would
actually try to have you killed?
PARSONS: If not you, then who?
HEWES: Pete was
fiercely loyal to me.
He may have acted on his own
in order to protect me.
(TV on)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(elevator bell dings)
(door opening)
(dog panting)
(dog barking)
(barking)
(Parsons screaming)
(dog barking)
(raspy gasping)
(line ringing)
Are you there?
PATRICK: I... need you.
(dog barking)
(phone drops to floor)
(barking continues)
(raspy gasping)
(horns honking, traffic sounds)
(car alarm blaring)
PATRICK: Thanks, Pete.
UNCLE PETE: It's a lot tougher
than killing a dog, right?
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
♪ Little lamb ♪
♪ When I am through with you ♪
♪ There won't be anything left ♪
So, if I understand you, you're saying
your former boss tried to kill you.
PARSONS: Tried to
have me killed.
Yes.
I... I believe she sent
someone to do it.
Is this the same attack that
you've talked about before?
PARSONS: Yes.
Ellen, how can you be sure
that your boss was involved?
PARSONS: Well, that's the thing.
I got her to admit it.
But later, she took it all back
and said she was only telling
me what I wanted to hear.
Do you believe her denial?
PARSONS: I don't know
what to believe.
I want to track down the man who
attacked me to prove that she hired him.
- But I realize...
- What?
PARSONS: I'm afraid
of what I'll find.
Explain that to me.
PARSONS: Well, for so long,
I've held her responsible, and
if it turns out she wasn't...
I-I think I... understand now
why you've kept this woman in your life.
After everything that happened
with David, this attack
has given you a purpose.
You know, your rage at
her has kept you going.
That's why you're trying
this case against her.
If you found out that she had
nothing to do with this
attack, how would you feel?
PARSONS: I-I don't know.
Well, what if you find out she did do it?
PARSONS: After she confessed
to me and then tried to fuck
with my head by denying it?
Yeah.
How would you feel?
PARSONS: I'd want her to pay.
I'd want to make her feel as
vulnerable as I did the
night I was attacked.
I'd want her to experience all that pain.
All that fear.
All that humiliation.
And to live with it.
Every day, like I've had to.
Of course, we can't say for
certain right now, but we're 90%
sure there will be an opening on the court.
KASTLE: They have assurances,
Patty, at least one justice
is going to retire.
We're looking for people with
real-world experience, not just
a bunch of robes coming from the bench.
We like that you've been able to
play nice on both sides of the
aisle and your career is defined
by righting injustice rather
than party politics.
KASTLE: You're a crusader,
Patty, and in this Main Street
versus Wall Street climate,
that makes you attractive.
Been fighting for the little
guy your whole career.
We've got a short list of
candidates, and we'd very much
like to put your name on it, but
we have been burned before.
You know what gets exposed when
someone's life is thrust
into the spotlight.
UNCLE PETE: It's done.
(Parsons shrieks, Hewes sobs)
So there's no point in
vetting you if you're just
going to say no.
HEWES: I told Pete
to have you killed.
Oh, of course.
KASTLE: You have to understand, uh...
Ms. Hewes
built an incredibly successful
firm from the ground up.
She has tremendous influence and
the freedom to try only those
cases that interest her most.
Well, that would be very hard to give up.
PARSONS: You confessed
to me, Patty.
HEWES: Yes, it would.
KASTLE: Well, thanks
for coming, Dennis.
You know, just being
considered is a great honor.
Ms. Hewes will give this
all due consideration.
DENNIS: Well, that's good.
I'm glad.
It was a pleasure to
meet you, Ms. Hewes.
HEWES: Likewise.
KASTLE: What are
you doing, Patty?
HEWES: What?
KASTLE: Well, he flew up
here from Washington.
You got to give the guy something.
HEWES: I did.
I gave him my time.
KASTLE: You will consider
this, won't you?
HEWES: Sure.
I'll consider it.
KASTLE: Okay.
SIMON: Wow, you're up early.
You still thinking about that Torben thing?
McCLAREN: How could I not?
SIMON: Look, I know what Bruce
Davies told you, but...
he's a desperate man facing jail.
How do we know that he's not
just pointing fingers, trying to
make himself look better?
McCLAREN: No, we need to take
this information to Ellen.
SIMON: No.
No, we can't.
That's a bad idea.
McCLAREN: She's our lawyer.
SIMON: All right, look,
there's some... Fuck.
There's something you need to know.
McCLAREN: What is it?
SIMON: I lied about Torben.
I do know who he is.
McCLAREN: Who is he?
SIMON: He is one of
our supporters.
And a very important financial
backer for this organization.
McCLAREN: Jesus Christ.
SIMON: Listen, just hear me out.
Right before the Naomi Walling
leak, we needed funds.
Torben was very enthusiastic
about the cause, and could
provide a very healthy influx of cash.
I... I didn't know he was
wrapped up in Princefield.
McCLAREN: No?
Why'd you lie to me about him?
SIMON: I don't know.
Just... knee-jerk.
I fucked up.
I felt like I'd failed you.
McCLAREN: Why would someone
who provided Princefield
with insider tips also want to fund us?
SIMON: I don't know.
But I can imagine what'll
happen to this Web site if
anyone else finds out about this.
McCLAREN: Torben's a criminal,
and we need to out him.
SIMON: Channing, we are already
embroiled in one scandal.
We can't afford to have another.
Once this case is over, then
we'll go after Torben.
In the meantime, we can't tell
anyone about this, not even Ellen.
McCLAREN: All right.
We'll just keep this between us for now.
HEWES: Why haven't you
found McClaren's donors?
HERNDON: All right,
you see this?
This is a full transcript, Bittenhaus Vs
McClarenTruth.org.
Three years ago, tried in
Munich Regional Superior Court.
Defamation and slander.
Found for the defendant, our
friend Channing McClaren.
HEWES: And your point is?
HERNDON: My point is that the
complainant's attorneys tried
every goddamn trick in the book
to uncover the sources of
McClaren's financing.
HEWES: And?
HERNDON: And they found nothing.
And we haven't done any better.
And these lemmings have gone
through every goddamn case we can find.
McClaren's got his major donors
hidden away behind layer
after layer of pixie dust.
HEWES: Well, the trial's around
the corner, and I need
to know McClaren's worth so I
know how much to ask in damages.
HERNDON: I'm sorry, Patty.
HEWES: I can't sue him if I
don't know how deep his pockets are.
HERNDON: Well, what has Parsons
turned over in discovery?
HEWES: According to the
financial statements that she
submitted, McClaren is virtually broke.
HERNDON: Maybe he is.
HEWES: Bullshit.
Find out who's funding him
and what he's worth.
HERNDON: All right,
everybody, out.
All right, that's it.
I mean, somebody's got to say it.
You can ask for all the damages
you want, but you ain't got a fucking case.
HEWES: I've won with less.
HERNDON: Yeah, maybe.
But not without the benefit
of a guilty target.
HEWES: What does that mean?
HERNDON: It means I don't
believe McClaren is guilty.
All right, maybe he's an
egomaniac, and maybe he got a
little rough with Naomi
Walling in that hotel room.
But I don't really believe
that he tried to harm her.
And you got nothing to show that I'm wrong.
HEWES: Well, I appreciate
your opinion.
(Herndon scoffs)
HERNDON: You know, it's not
enough that you're wasting your
time, you're risking 30-plus
years of your reputation.
You think you can beat Ellen
Parsons with nothing, but
what if you lose, Patty?
What if you lose?
HEWES: Get back to work.
Find out who's funding Channing McClaren.
SIMON: Channing wants to tell
Ellen Parsons about you.
TORBEN: That cannot happen.
SIMON: It won't.
I've convinced him not to.
TORBEN: Very good.
SIMON: No, not very good.
Not very good, at all.
You've compromised me.
You know damn well I would never
have made this arrangement if
I'd known you were involved in that crime.
TORBEN: Calm yourself,
Mr. Simon.
SIMON: You better not have
any more fucking surprises for me.
TORBEN: Don't worry about it.
There's nothing else.
We are still partners, yes?
Soon, it will be over, you'll get
everything that was promised to you.
SIMON: Tell Mr. Herreshoff
I'm not pleased.
TORBEN: I'll tell him,
but he will not care.
SIMON: Well, he should care.
I can still pull the plug on this
whole thing whenever I want.
TORBEN: For someone in your position,
making threats is very foolish.
(engine starts)
(sighs)
PARSONS: You confessed to me.
HEWES: I told you what
you wanted to hear.
PARSONS: If not you, then who?
HEWES: Pete.
He may have acted on his own
in order to protect me.
PARSONS: Mrs. McKee.
I'm surprised to hear from you.
Is everything okay?
STEFANIA: I found something
in Peter's closet.
It has your name.
PARSONS: Did he ever
explain these to you?
STEFANIA: No.
If Pete did anything bad, it was for Patty.
(dog barking)
Because everything he did...
was for Patty.
(dog barking)
(Parsons screaming)
FRANKLIN: You okay?
PARSONS: Just need some air.
FRANKLIN: Oh, Patty wants
another list of McClaren donors.
(panting)
(bird cooing, wings fluttering)
PARSONS: Hello?
(knocking)
Hello, Mrs. McKee?
It's Ellen Parsons.
(knocking)
STEFANIA: Hold your horses.
I don't move so good.
Yeah?
(grunts)
PARSONS: - Hi.
STEFANIA: - Uh-huh?
PARSONS: It's Ellen Parsons.
I brought some pastries.
STEFANIA: Oh.
Yeah, that... thank you,
that... Come in.
PARSONS: Thank you.
STEFANIA: Careful.
STEFANIA: Don't trip.
(TV playing in background)
So... how are things at
Hewes & Associates?
Patty is well?
PARSONS: Actually, a little
after Uncle Pete passed away,
Patty and I kind of went our separate ways.
(Stefania chuckles)
STEFANIA: Ah, yes.
Patty is very demanding boss.
PARSONS: Yes.
She was.
Last time I saw you, Mrs.
McKee, you gave me this.
At the time, you said something
and, um, I've been wondering about it.
STEFANIA: What did I say?
PARSONS: You said, "Everything
that Pete does is for Patty."
STEFANIA: I say this?
PARSONS: Yeah.
Do you remember why?
STEFANIA: No, I'm sorry.
I... I don't.
But Peter was always very loyal to Patty.
He loved her like a daughter.
Would do anything she asked.
Patty gave him job, believed in him.
Peter became a different
man because of Patty.
PARSONS: I know they
were very close.
STEFANIA: Yeah, but they
did used to argue.
PARSONS: I didn't know that.
(Stefania chuckles)
STEFANIA: Yes, big fights.
PARSONS: About what?
STEFANIA: Many things.
But also you.
Peter thought Patty was crazy to hire you.
She trusted you too much.
PARSONS: Really?
STEFANIA: Mm. Peter saw Patty
rely on you more and more.
It was almost like he was, um...
jealous.
PARSONS: Can I ask you
one more question?
STEFANIA: Uh-huh.
PARSONS: Who is this?
STEFANIA: Peter had
many friends.
Uh... no.
I don't know him.
I never saw him before.
I'm sorry.
I wish I could help.
PARSONS: You already have.
Thank you, Mrs. McKee.
And, uh, if you think of anything
else, please give me a call.
FRANKLIN: Hi.
MICHAEL: I'm looking
for Ms. Franklin.
FRANKLIN: Kate, yes.
Thank you for coming in.
Please.
MICHAEL: Sure.
FRANKLIN: Have a seat.
Can I get you something to drink?
MICHAEL: No, I'm good.
So you work for Ellen?
FRANKLIN: I do.
MICHAEL: But on the phone, you said
this isn't about my custody case.
FRANKLIN: No, I wanted to
discuss an unrelated matter.
A client I represent has
a proposition for you.
MICHAEL: Who's your client?
FRANKLIN: Lyle Hewes.
MICHAEL: My grandfather?
FRANKLIN: That's right.
MICHAEL: But isn't the guy dead?
FRANKLIN: No.
Although his health is failing,
Mr. Hewes is very much alive.
MICHAEL: My mother told me
he died when I was a kid.
FRANKLIN: I'm afraid your mother
wasn't telling you the truth.
Mr. Hewes has asked me to
arrange a meeting with you.
MICHAEL: Why?
FRANKLIN: He'd like to
include you in his will.
MICHAEL: Are you serious?
FRANKLIN: I am.
So, if you have an open day
this week, Mr. Hewes was
hoping to explain it all to you himself.
PARSONS: So, Davies said
Torben was responsible for
passing on the illegal tips?
McCLAREN: He also seemed to think
Torben may have killed Samurai Seven.
PARSONS: I have to go to
the police with this.
McCLAREN: You can't.
PARSONS: Why not?
McCLAREN: Because we're
in bed with Torben.
He is McClarenTruth's biggest donor.
He funded the Princefield leaks.
PARSONS: How was Torben
brought in as a donor?
McCLAREN: Rutger found him.
PARSONS: If Rutger didn't
want you to tell me,
then why are you here?
McCLAREN: If Helmut Torben was
involved in the insider
trading, then he had direct motive
to discredit Naomi Walling.
NOVAK: Torben could have leaked
her personal information,
which would exonerate Channing.
PARSONS: Only if we have proof.
NOVAK: That's why we
have to pursue Torben.
PARSONS: It's dangerous.
Torben is very wealthy and powerful.
We have to be careful of men like that.
McCLAREN: What are you saying?
PARSONS: If what Davies says
is true, then Torben has a lot to lose.
But he has no reason to stir up
trouble in our case unless
I start to target him.
Then he could turn on us.
NOVAK: So let me get
this straight.
There's a man out there who has
a reason to want to discredit
Naomi Walling, everything that
Channing is being accused of,
and you want to leave him alone?
McCLAREN: - Gitta...
NOVAK: - I'm sorry, but I don't understand.
PARSONS: Right now,
Patty's case is weak.
The trial is just around the corner.
We can pursue Torben if
and when we need to.
But to go after him unnecessarily,
it's, it's stupid.
NOVAK: Look who's
representing you.
Can you believe this cynical shit?
PARSONS: I'm trying
to win your case.
NOVAK: Torben is a criminal.
PARSONS: Who donated
to your cause.
NOVAK: So?
PARSONS: I just don't want to see this
whole thing blow up in your face.
McCLAREN: She has a point.
PARSONS: Right now, Chris Sanchez is going
to be sending you his information.
Focus on that, and let's just
keep this to ourselves.
SANCHEZ: The guys I've seen
on the tapes, they have all
the symptoms of
full-blown PTSD, okay?
They can't sleep, they're-
they're shaky, disoriented.
These guys are ready to
fall apart any second.
SIMON: But they got
redeployed anyway?
SANCHEZ: Within weeks.
And then the shit hit the fan...
Suicides, friendly fire,
abuse of non-combatants.
They're fed a boatload of antidepressants,
and then they're sent back in.
And the military?
They just buried all of it.
SIMON: This is very
intriguing, but we are
gonna need something more concrete.
SANCHEZ: I can get
you interviews.
I can get you medical records,
deployment documentation.
I can get you whatever you need.
SIMON: Well, if you do,
then McClarenTruth would
love to help you present this to the world.
SANCHEZ: So, what's
the next step?
SIMON: Okay, these are the
encryption codes you'll need
to upload all the information
you can get onto our servers.
SANCHEZ: And then,
then what happens?
You guys do what?
SIMON: Well, we sort through
everything, clean it up, and post it.
Look, I understand your reluctance, Chris.
I can assure you what happened
with Naomi Walling, that is
never gonna happen again.
PARSONS: You don't have to go
through with this, you know.
SANCHEZ: Are you sure
you're okay with it?
Look, I don't want to fuck
up your case or anything.
PARSONS: Actually, I-I think
it could do the opposite.
It could finally focus some
positive press on McClaren.
But I...
SANCHEZ: But what?
PARSONS: The information you're
giving them is classified.
You broke the law to get it.
SANCHEZ: Those
soldiers need this.
Somebody's got to get their story out.
PARSONS: I just want you
to think about it.
LYLE: The air's colder than
a ditch-digger's ass.
Feels nice.
MICHAEL: You sure it's okay for
you to be out here like this?
LYLE: Course it is.
You got a cigarette?
MICHAEL: No, sorry.
LYLE: Good of you to come out
here like this. Thanks.
MICHAEL: How long you
known about me?
LYLE: A long time. Sure.
See, your mom and me, we don't get on.
So I never had a chance like this.
MICHAEL: She told
me you were dead.
(Lyle chuckles)
LYLE: Can't trust Pat.
Never could.
Always making mountains out of mouse piles.
Nothing but an ungrateful cunt.
MICHAEL: Jesus.
She's your daughter.
LYLE: I read your interview
in that legal magazine.
That's why I wanted to see you.
MICHAEL: Yeah, I'm interested in hearing
about this proposition of yours.
LYLE: I'll tell you
all about it.
MICHAEL: How far
away is this place?
LYLE: Relax.
We'll be there soon enough.
♪
(phone rings)
Oh, is she a happy one?
(TV playing in background)
And she'll have her wings.
Hello?
Yeah, sure. One second.
It's for you.
PATRICK: Hello.
STEFANIA: Patrick?
PATRICK: Yeah.
STEFANIA: It is Stefania.
PATRICK: Mrs. McKee, how are ya?
STEFANIA: Very well, yes.
PATRICK: Good, I'm glad.
Is something wrong?
STEFANIA: Patrick, a woman
come by asking for you.
PATRICK: What woman?
STEFANIA: A lawyer.
PATRICK: What did she say?
STEFANIA: She show
me your picture.
She wants to know who you are.
PATRICK: I see.
STEFANIA: I tell her nothing.
I thought you should know.
PATRICK: Well, thanks.
I appreciate you getting in touch.
STEFANIA: Is everything okay?
PATRICK: Yeah, sure.
Nothing to worry about.
Thanks for your
call, Mrs. McKee.
I'll talk to you soon.
Who was that?
PATRICK: Just an old friend.
It looks like I have to
go away for a few days.
Got some business back in New York.
MICHAEL: So, uh, this is
where my mom grew up?
LYLE: That's it.
MICHAEL: What was
she like as a kid?
LYLE: Weak, needy, scared.
MICHAEL: You sure this is my
mom you're talking about?
LYLE: She always shied
away from a fight.
Afraid of her own shadow.
That's why I took it on
myself to toughen her up.
That's why she hates me.
But it worked.
Maybe it worked too well.
Look at her now.
MICHAEL: You're saying you
made her what she is?
LYLE: Of course I did.
I'm her father.
Michael, did you ever
meet your grandmother?
MICHAEL: I'm not sure.
I don't remember her.
(Lyle panting)
LYLE: Well, years ago, uh, she
and your mother brought
a lawsuit against me.
They conspired to take away
everything that I had.
Well, um, Kate was my
lawyer, but Pat beat us.
And I lost it all.
MICHAEL: Including the land?
LYLE: Well, I-I-I barely
managed to hold on to that.
I'm still a part owner with...
with, uh, her.
And she went to the judge and
convinced him to make her cotrustee.
MICHAEL: What does that mean?
LYLE: Means that I can't do
anything without going to her.
(coughing)
MICHAEL: You okay?
Here.
LYLE: I'm going to
be gone soon, Mike.
You're the last male Hewes.
I-I-I want you to
have all this.
I want you to have the...
the land and the house.
Everything.
MICHAEL: My mother's not
going to go for that.
LYLE: Then convince her.
In the magazine interview, you
talked about how she tried to
wrest away custody from you.
MICHAEL: And?
LYLE: You don't want to
be a father, Michael.
Trust me.
You go to her, you make a bargain.
MICHAEL: What do you mean?
LYLE: The kid.
You trade her the kid for the land.
MICHAEL: Are you crazy?
LYLE: No, I'm not.
Children are ingrates.
They go away.
They never do what you want.
But the land...
the land is a constant.
It's always here for you.
WILLIAMS: Five years ago, we
searched Patty Hewes' apartment
after you said that you were
assaulted, and we found nothing.
I mean, no body, no evidence
of struggle, nothing.
PARSONS: Because someone
cleaned it up.
WILLIAMS: Look, we don't
doubt your account.
It's just, we haven't been
able to corroborate it.
PARSONS: So, is my file closed?
ORTIZ: Technically, no.
Okay, but without any evidence
or a... a crime scene, there's
not much that can be done.
PARSONS: I have something
I want to show you.
I found it in the evidence box you gave me.
I think this is the blood from
the guy who attacked me.
Can you test it for DNA?
Please, I need you to test this.
Just see if it's in the system.
WILLIAMS: You're a lawyer... you must
understand that there are protocols.
PARSONS: What's the worst
that could happen?
That I'm wrong and that it leads nowhere.
ORTIZ: We can't do that.
We can't just start sending
things to the lab.
PARSONS: Look, a man
tried to kill me.
I want to know who he is.
(footsteps approaching)
MICHAEL: You lied to me.
Your father's alive.
You told me he died years ago.
HEWES: I assumed he did.
My mistake.
What are you doing here, Michael?
MICHAEL: I need your signature.
HEWES: What is this?
MICHAEL: My inheritance.
Your father's attorney
got in touch with me.
HEWES: I don't want you to have anything
to do with my father or that land.
MICHAEL: It's a little
late for that.
I already hung out with Grandpa.
HEWES: Don't call him that.
MICHAEL: Cute house
you grew up in.
He took me to it.
HEWES: Well, as soon as he's
dead, I'm going to sell the
house, the land, the whole goddamn place.
MICHAEL: He assumed
you'd be resistant.
HEWES: You should know
better, Michael.
My father is using you.
He only reached out to you
in order to get to me.
MICHAEL: You're giving
him too much credit.
He's a crazy old man.
He's harmless.
HEWES: You have no idea.
MICHAEL: Come on.
Couldn't have been that bad.
If this land stays in the family, then
it-it will give Catherine roots.
Whatever hostility you have
towards me or your father,
don't hold it against her.
Sign it.
SANCHEZ: - Three...
PARSONS: - Is it working?
SANCHEZ: I'm about to find out.
ELLSWORTHY: No, sir.
No, sir, I guess I do not
feel ready for combat, sir.
Duly noted, Corporal.
I'm going to have the nurses
over there start you on a course
of medications today that
will get you feeling better.
And then you'll be good to go.
ELLSWORTHY: No, I'm
not good to go, sir.
Take the pills.
You'll see.
They'll change your outlook.
ELLSWORTHY: You
don't understand.
Please, I can't go back.
I'm not good for my guys like this.
Soldier, take the meds.
You'll be fine.
Am I clear?
ELLSWORTHY: Yes, sir.
Good.
I'll check on your progress in a few weeks.
ELLSWORTHY: Look, sir, if...
if I could just talk...
I have to talk to another patient now.
Good day, soldier.
McCLAREN: Here's how
it's going to work.
You eat here, you sleep
here, you shit here.
However long it takes.
You'll work in pairs.
No one in or out until we're done.
We're air-gapped.
No Wi-Fi, no Internet, nothing.
You'll hand in your phones,
your tablets, and when we're
finished, I'll search you again.
No data leaves.
And absolutely nothing is
posted unless I do it myself.
If anyone has a problem with any
of this, you can leave now.
No problem, man.
I'm in.
McCLAREN: Good.
SIMON: Pick a partner.
All the encrypted data's
on here, read-only.
Want everything gone through
with a fine-tooth comb.
Every document, every video.
All personal information
redacted, all faces obscured.
No mistakes.
(overlapping voices on video)
(voices continue, distorted)
FRANKLIN: Hi.
I ordered already.
I was starving.
I'm afraid I couldn't wait.
HEWES: How dare you
go behind my back.
Michael is my son.
If I wanted him to meet his
grandfather and see where I
grew up, I would have taken him myself.
FRANKLIN: Lyle is my client.
I was acting as his lawyer
and serving his wishes.
HEWES: Lyle, your client,
whatever the fuck you want to
call him, was an evil prick.
FRANKLIN: He is dying, Patty, and
he is trying to make amends.
HEWES: There is no possible
way for him to make amends.
FRANKLIN: I'm sorry that he
abandoned you and your mother.
That must have been horrible.
Patty, you have already made your point.
You sued him.
You beat me in court.
You wiped him out.
You took everything he had.
So why are you still clinging
to all of this hatred?
What is the point?
HEWES: There is no point.
Hating him is enough.
Stay away from my son.
(sighs)
SIMON: Come on, man.
You've scoured everything.
It's been 68 hours.
Just push the fucking button.
Oh, beautiful.
Okay.
Here we go.
(low murmuring)
HERNDON: McClaren's
on every front page.
HEWES: A new leak.
HERNDON: Yeah, a big one.
He's got the military by the
balls, and now he's getting
more ink than that Armenian
girl with the big tuchus.
HEWES: Ellen's making
a name for herself.
HERNDON: The fact is, the
trial's less than two weeks
away, and now she's making
McClaren looking like a
goddamn white knight.
HEWES: I'm not worried.
She still has to hand over
a list of his donors.
(clears throat)
NOVAK: Front page
on all of them.
SIMON: Oh, beautiful.
Just what we wanted.
NOVAK: You happy?
McCLAREN: That's good work.
Both of you.
HERNDON: You bring
what we asked for?
PARSONS: McClarenTruth.org's
complete financial history
of the last seven years.
I'll send you an electronic copy as well.
HEWES: We asked for a list of
all of McClaren's donors.
PARSONS: They're all
in front of you.
HEWES: There's a name missing.
PARSONS: What name?
HEWES: Helmut Torben.
PARSONS: To my knowledge Mr. Torben
has had no involvement,
financial or otherwise,
with McClarenTruth.org.
HEWES: Then your knowledge
is limited, isn't it?
Well, doesn't matter.
I've filed a request for all the
information pertaining to
contributions made by
Mr. Torben to your client.
If you don't hand it over, I'll
have you thrown in jail for contempt.
Mr. Torben is quite
a wealthy man.
I'll be basing my request for
damages on his very deep pockets.
HERNDON: I'm surprised
as you are, kitten.
HERNDON: Hey, what
the hell was that?
HEWES: It's called leverage.
HERNDON: Yeah, I know, I know
that, but where did it come from?
How did you conjure up Helmut Torben?
HEWES: I made an arrangement.
HERNDON: With who?
With...
HEWES: You were right.
Ellen Parsons intended to hide
what she knows about Helmut Torben.
NOVAK: I only gave you this
information, because I know that
Channing did not hack Naomi
Wailing's personal e-mails.
But I do believe that Torben
had something to do with it.
HEWES: Well, I'm not interested
in going after an innocent man.
If Torben is truly the guilty
party behind all this, I'll make
sure he's prosecuted for it.
You've taken quite a risk in
telling me about Torben.
NOVAK: The biggest risk to
our organization is if
Channing's reputation is destroyed.
Nothing else matters.
HEWES: Ms. Novak?
Rutger Simon runs the business
end of the organization, is that right?
NOVAK: Yes, that's right.
He does.
HEWES: So, if anyone made a mistake taking
money from Torben, it's Mr. Simon.
NOVAK: Absolutely.
Channing isn't responsible for any of it.
(doorbell rings)
(TV playing in background)
STEFANIA: Oh. Oh-oh-oh.
(laughs)
Oh. (laughs)
What a nice surprise.
PATRICK: After you called,
I thought, it's been too long.
STEFANIA: Ah, yes.
PATRICK: I had some business in town, so
I thought I'd stop by and say hello.
STEFANIA: Come, come, sit.
I have some pastries I get for you.
PATRICK: So, uh, how are
things at the church?
You still involved like you used to be?
STEFANIA: No.
The new Monsignor is asshole.
I left Ellen Parsons' card on the table.
PATRICK: Thank you for
this, Mrs. McKee.
STEFANIA: Of course.
You help me, I help you.
WILLIAMS: We got a DNA match.
PARSONS: You get a hit?
ORTIZ: Yeah, this knucklehead's
pulled a lot of
crap, but it's all low-rent.
Mostly theft.
WILLIAMS: His name's
Patrick Scully.
ORTIZ: Attempted murder seems
way out of his league.
WILLIAMS: We checked his
last known address.
It seems he left town several years ago.
PARSONS: And?
WILLIAMS: Well, apparently,
he's been clean ever since.
PARSONS: So, there's
no way to locate him?
WILLIAMS: Well, we put out a
bulletin; if he pops up
anywhere, we'll let you know.
I'm sorry, Miss Parsons, that's
about the best we can do.
PARSONS: I understand.
Thanks for your help.
WILLIAMS: Sure.
(door opens, closes)
FRANKLIN: Hey.
I heard from Michael.
Patty turned him down, I'm afraid.
You look tired.
That trip wiped you out.
You need to sleep.
LYLE: I need to get
that paper signed.
You know, find another way.
Talk to her again.
FRANKLIN: If she won't sign
it, there is nothing I can do.
LYLE: Well, that's
easy for you to say.
You don't know what it's like to...
FRANKLIN: You okay?
Hey.
Can you hear me?
Uh, something's wrong.
Could you, uh, send a
nurse in here, please?
LYLE: Well, first we need
a new coat of paint.
Yeah, all it needs is a
fresh coat of paint.
FRANKLIN: It's okay, relax.
Just relax.
LYLE: Oh... Oh... (low moan)
(footsteps approaching)
FRANKLIN: Uh, I think
he lost consciousness.
- I don't know...
- Hi, Mr. Hewes?
Mr. Hewes, it's Talia, honey.
Can you hear me?
Honey?
Can you step out of the way, please?
FRANKLIN: Sorry.
Get the EMTs right away.
FRANKLIN: What's going on?
Can you step out of the room, ma'am?
Please, step out of the room.
FRANKLIN: Okay, um,
uh, he has a DNR.
Yes, we know.
Who are you?
FRANKLIN: Uh, I'm Kate
Franklin; I'm his daughter.
(ripping noise)
UNCLE PETE: It's done.
(Parsons shrieking)
(Hewes sobbing)
PARSONS: You confessed
to me, Patty.
(inhales sharply, exhales)
(line ringing)
KASTLE: Patty.
What a surprise.
HEWES: I want it, Roger.
KASTLE: I'm sorry?
HEWES: The Supreme Court.
I want the nomination.
Call your friend in Washington.
KASTLE: Oh, of course.
(sighs)
(wings fluttering) (bird cooing)
(dogs barking)
PATRICK: Miss Hewes.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
♪
♪ When I am through with you ♪
♪ There won't be anything left ♪
(bowling ball rolls, pins clatter)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org